the only two hospitals that receive and
treat kidney dialysis patients due to
the continuous displacement for uh the
Palestinians in the Gaza Strip this is
one of the two operating hospitals in
the Gaza Strip Palestinians in this
Hospital are are are 400 they are
receiving the dialysis treatment for um
on 23 machines only 400 patients are in
this Hospital among them are 12 children
when we talk about the Gaza Strip there
are 1,100 children uh 1,100 Palestinian
uh uh patients of kidney dialysis among
them are
38 uh children in this Hospital 400 uh
patients and 12 children are receiving
treatment in this hospital for hours per
week only where they used to receive
their dialysis payment uh their dialysis
treatment for from 8 to 12 hours per
week now they are only receiving two
sessions for for two hours where they
believe that it is not enough two out
out of six hospitals are
currently receiving kidney dialysis
patients in the Gaza Strip the patients
are
heartbroken there there there was a
woman that told us that she had to leave
her family alone in the north of the
Gaza STP because she had to receive her
dialysis treatment because there has
been no hospitals in the norn gazal
strip treating her case could you please
introduce
yourself what can you tell us about the
conditions of the
patients the situation is incredibly
challenging especially for dialysis
patients like myself we've traveled all
the way from Gaza I've been undergoing
dialysis sessions here for the past 2
months ever since the raid and bombing
of alifer hospital I'm here alone
separated from my children and husband
so you felt compelled to come
here yes I came here after the raid on
alifer
Hospital how long do your sessions
L at alifa I used to have treatments
three days a week for 4 hours each
session but here I only get around 2
hour sessions which isn't enough these
shorter sessions can't effectively
remove toxins from our
bodies there's immense pressure on
Hospital resources we lack sufficient
equipment to treat the growing number of
patients leading to overwhelming
conditions before the war patients
received 4-Hour dialysis sessions three
times a week now they're only receiving
2hour sessions twice a week leading to
complications for many patients
Palestines in the Gaza Strip are not
only queuing online to get bread and
water but they're also queuing on the
machines to receive their treatment hind
ala Hospital Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer